[DROOLS-6292] document in memory compilation in kie-maven-plugin (#3711)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/drools-docs/src/main/asciidoc/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesDrools.7.56.0.Final/maven-plugin-in-memory-compilation.adoc

[id='parallel-lambda-externalisation']

= In memory compilation for kie-maven-plugin

> The kie-maven-plugin now performs an in memory compilation of the sources implementing the executable model of the project, instead of dumping them on the disk and then triggering a second (or even a third in some cases) java compilation. This has the advantage of dramatically cutting the time required to compile a kjar (especially for large projects), but also the side-effect of no longer writing the sources of the generated java classes. In case you may need to have those sources (mostly for debugging purposes) you can still optionally have them dumped on a folder of your choice using the option `dumpKieSourcesFolder` like for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The kie-maven-plugin now performs an in memory compilation of the sources implementing the executable model of the project, instead of dumping them on the disk and then triggering a second (or even a third in some cases) java compilation. This has the advantage of dramatically cutting the time required to compile a kjar (especially for large projects), but also the side-effect of no longer writing the sources of the generated java classes. In case you may need to have those sources (mostly for debugging purposes) you can still optionally have them dumped on a subfolder of `target` directory of your choice using the option `dumpKieSourcesFolder` like for example
```
